# CS-250-Software-Development-Lifecycle
## How do I interpret user needs and implement them into a program? How does creating “user stories” help with this?
 The user needs can be collected using different methods such as interviews/user meetings, polls, user forums, focus groups, in-app user feedback, and online reviews which helps the Scrum Team or Product owner to prioritize the specific needs of the user in a natural language description from the end-user perspective. The Scrum-Agile approach of “As a (type of user), I want to (perform some task) so that I can (achieve some goal)” interprets the simple language of user needs into the user stories. The creation of user stories helps us to understand the user’s requirement into small and incremental pieces which can be broken down in small chunks of functionality of a program. 
## How do I approach developing programs? What Agile processes do I hope to incorporate into my future development work?
I would approach developing programs by adapting the changes anytime in the project lifecycle, developing the project in a small iteration to deliver it frequently in each sprint, working in collaboration with all the team members involved in the project, and receiving feedback from the product owners and stakeholders to improve myself to deliver excellent products. I hope to incorporate agile processes and principles stated in the agile manifesto by focusing on the needs of the customer with demo working software rather than documentation, breaking the tasks into small incremental builds provided with iterations, and adapting to the changes anytime during the software lifecycle which makes the project easy to manage, flexible to the development team, takes only little or no planning, and easy or minimum documentation.
## What does it mean to be a good team member in software development?
To be a good team member in software development, one should always be open to communication, provide feedbacks to other team members in a constructive manner without offending them, accept responsibility and accountability for their actions, actively participate in all the Scrum events and meetings, and work in collaboration with other team members by sharing ideas, providing fast feedback, regular code reviewing, and pair programming to solve complex problems.
